README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Mirage</h1> 

An image processing library for learning purpose in C++17.

Build status (GCC/Linux) : [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PlathC/Mirage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PlathC/Mirage)

Code quality : [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e7674eb14f3a4636b98ded41d9cbb42c)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/PlathC/Mirage?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=PlathC/Mirage&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<h2 align="center">The library</h2>

### __Tasks__

__Library features__

| Feature           | Progress                                                     |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Image structure   | Done                                                         |
| Parser            | Done (PNG/JPEG/ PPM To fix)                                  |
| Mirage Viewer     | In dev                                                       |

__Image processing features__ 

| Feature                          | Progress             |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|
| Image structure                  | Done                 |
| Bit depth                        | To do                |
| DFT                              | To do                |
| Filter                           | Done                 |
| Sobel / Threshold                | Done                 |
| Histogram Equalization           | Done                 |
| Adaptive Histogram Equalization  | To do                |
| Canny                            | Done                 |
| Crop / Scale                     | Done                 |

<h2 align="center">Build</h2>

### Dependencies 

*   LibPng
*   LibJpeg-turbo
*   Qt5
 
### Compiler

This project has been tested with MinGW and MSVC (VS2017).

<h2 align="center">Examples</h2>

#### __Filter__ 

One can use the Convolve function to filter an image with m_a kernel.

The following example show how to apply m_a Gaussian Blur to an image using 
m_a kernel provide in the library.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/rubberwhale.png", 4);
    Matrix<Vec4d> matConvolve = mat.Convolve(mrg::gaussianBlurKernel5x5);
    ImageParser::ToFile(matConvolve, "../examples/filter/Results/rubberwhale-convolve.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results 

![RubberWhale classic](readmefiles/rubberwhale.png) ![RubberWhale convolve](readmefiles/rubberwhale-convolve.png) 

#### __Edges detection__

The library provides Canny and Sobel algorithm which allow to extract 
contour lines within m_a given image.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/HouseDublin.jpg", 4);

    Timer sobelTimer{}, cannyTimer{};

    sobelTimer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matSobel = mat.Sobel().Threshold<double>();
    sobelTimer.Stop();

    cannyTimer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matCanny = mat.Canny();
    cannyTimer.Stop();

    std::cout << "Sobel compute time : " << sobelTimer.Duration() << std::endl;
    std::cout << "Canny compute time : " << cannyTimer.Duration() << std::endl;

    ImageParser::ToFile(matSobel, "../examples/edgedetection/Results/HouseDublin-Sobel.png");
    ImageParser::ToFile(matCanny, "../examples/edgedetection/Results/HouseDublin-Canny.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results

Original : 

![Dublin Classic](readmefiles/HouseDublin.jpg) 

Canny :

![Dublin Canny](readmefiles/HouseDublin-Canny.jpg)

Sobel :

![Dublin Canny](readmefiles/HouseDublin-Sobel.jpg) 

### Histogram Equalization

The library provide an histogram equalization function for grayscale and 
color image.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/lena.png", 4);
    Timer timer{};

    timer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matGrayScale = mat.ToGrayScale<double>();
    Matrix<double> matEq = matGrayScale.HistogramEqualization();
    timer.Stop();

    std::cout << "Duration : " << timer.Duration() << std::endl;

    ImageParser::ToFile(matEq, "../examples/histeq/Results/lena-eq.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results 

![Lena Gray](readmefiles/lena-gray.jpg) ![Equalized Lena](readmefiles/lena-eq.jpg) 

![Lena Gray](samples/lena.png) ![Equalized Lena](readmefiles/lenaC-eq.png) 

![Stars](readmefiles/Stars.jpg) ![Equalized Stars](readmefiles/Stars-eq.jpg) 

### __Viewer__

###### Results

Commit message:

Remove ppm and add Video / optimization to to do list.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Mirage</h1> 

An image processing library for learning purpose in C++17.

Build status (GCC/Linux) : [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PlathC/Mirage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PlathC/Mirage)

Code quality : [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e7674eb14f3a4636b98ded41d9cbb42c)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/PlathC/Mirage?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=PlathC/Mirage&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<h2 align="center">The library</h2>

### __Tasks__

__Library features__

| Feature           | Progress                                                     |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Image structure   | Done                                                         |
| Parser            | Done (PNG/JPEG)                                              |
| Mirage Viewer     | In dev                                                       |

__Image processing features__ 

| Feature                          | Progress             |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|
| Image structure                  | Done                 |
| Bit depth                        | To do                |
| DFT                              | To do                |
| Filter                           | Done                 |
| Sobel / Threshold                | Done                 |
| Histogram Equalization           | Done                 |
| Adaptive Histogram Equalization  | To do                |
| Canny                            | Done                 |
| Crop / Scale                     | Done                 |
| Video support                    | To do                |
| Optimization (Realtime use)      | To do                |

<h2 align="center">Build</h2>

### Dependencies 

*   LibPng
*   LibJpeg-turbo
*   Qt5
 
### Compiler

This project has been tested with MinGW and MSVC (VS2017).

<h2 align="center">Examples</h2>

#### __Filter__ 

One can use the Convolve function to filter an image with m_a kernel.

The following example show how to apply m_a Gaussian Blur to an image using 
m_a kernel provide in the library.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/rubberwhale.png", 4);
    Matrix<Vec4d> matConvolve = mat.Convolve(mrg::gaussianBlurKernel5x5);
    ImageParser::ToFile(matConvolve, "../examples/filter/Results/rubberwhale-convolve.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results 

![RubberWhale classic](readmefiles/rubberwhale.png) ![RubberWhale convolve](readmefiles/rubberwhale-convolve.png) 

#### __Edges detection__

The library provides Canny and Sobel algorithm which allow to extract 
contour lines within m_a given image.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/HouseDublin.jpg", 4);

    Timer sobelTimer{}, cannyTimer{};

    sobelTimer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matSobel = mat.Sobel().Threshold<double>();
    sobelTimer.Stop();

    cannyTimer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matCanny = mat.Canny();
    cannyTimer.Stop();

    std::cout << "Sobel compute time : " << sobelTimer.Duration() << std::endl;
    std::cout << "Canny compute time : " << cannyTimer.Duration() << std::endl;

    ImageParser::ToFile(matSobel, "../examples/edgedetection/Results/HouseDublin-Sobel.png");
    ImageParser::ToFile(matCanny, "../examples/edgedetection/Results/HouseDublin-Canny.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results

Original : 

![Dublin Classic](readmefiles/HouseDublin.jpg) 

Canny :

![Dublin Canny](readmefiles/HouseDublin-Canny.jpg)

Sobel :

![Dublin Canny](readmefiles/HouseDublin-Sobel.jpg) 

### Histogram Equalization

The library provide an histogram equalization function for grayscale and 
color image.

```cpp
#include "Mirage/Mirage.hpp"

int main()
{
    using namespace mrg;

    Matrix<Vec4d> mat = ImageParser::FromFile<Vec4d>("../samples/lena.png", 4);
    Timer timer{};

    timer.Start();
    Matrix<double> matGrayScale = mat.ToGrayScale<double>();
    Matrix<double> matEq = matGrayScale.HistogramEqualization();
    timer.Stop();

    std::cout << "Duration : " << timer.Duration() << std::endl;

    ImageParser::ToFile(matEq, "../examples/histeq/Results/lena-eq.png");

    return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}
```

###### Results 

![Lena Gray](readmefiles/lena-gray.jpg) ![Equalized Lena](readmefiles/lena-eq.jpg) 

![Lena Gray](samples/lena.png) ![Equalized Lena](readmefiles/lenaC-eq.png) 

![Stars](readmefiles/Stars.jpg) ![Equalized Stars](readmefiles/Stars-eq.jpg) 

### __Viewer__

###### Results
